Add spaces problem (#5)
compprog-lecture-tools/fun-contest-2022: cp22/hpi-fun2/spaces/problem.tex

\input{template.tex}

\begin{document}

\makeheader

You get a late night call from your best buddy Bill. He askes you if you can help him with his problem.
Bill is the founder of a software company which sells an word processing programm. He needs a programm, which places words minimal ragged on lines with a fixed width.

> A text is considerd minimal ragged, if the squared sum of the remaining spaces on a line is minimal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You get a late night call from your best buddy Bill. He asks you if you can help him with his problem.
Bill is the founder of a software company which sells a word processing program. He needs a program, which places words minimally ragged on lines with a fixed width.
A text is considered minimally ragged, if the squared sum of the remaining spaces on a line is minimal.
```

For example we have the words $aaa$ $bb$ $ccc$, and a line width of 6.
A minimal placement would place the words $aaa$ and $bb$ on one line. In this line there is no remaining space.
In the next line the word $ccc$ is placed. Because this is the last line the space is not counted.
So the minimum cost is: $0^2 = 0$.
Lets consider another example: $aaa$ $bbb$ $ccc$. Here every word must be placed in his own line.

> So the minumum cost is: $3^2+3^2= 27$.

Reviewer: This could also be a paragraph "Sample explanation" under the samples.

\paragraph*{Input}
A number $n$ ($1 \leq n \leq 50000$), the number of words to place on the lines.

> A list of $n$ words on a single line.

Reviewer: Please give an upper bound on the size of a word. And give a guarantee that words fit in a line, if you want to
